Creating a user sign-up page (#130)
pupilfirst/wd201-scripts: user-authentication/create-user-signup-page/README.md

# Text
Now that we have created the `users` table and using Sequelize migration, let's create an HTML form where new users can sign up.

# Script

> In this video, we are going to create a user signup form. So, when someone new comes to our To-Do application, they should see a link to signup. When we click on the signup link, we should take them to the signup form, where they have to fill some details like: firstName, lastName (which we will keep as optional), email and password. Then, when they click on the signup button, it should take them to a new `users` route as a POST request, to create an entry for this new user in our database. Then, we have to sign-in the user in local browser session. Let's start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this video, we are going to create a user signup form. So, when someone new comes to our To-Do application, they should see a link to signup. When we click on the signup link, we should take them to the signup form, where they have to fill some details like: first name, last name (which we will keep as optional), email and password. Then, when they click on the signup button, it should create an entry for this user in our database. Then, user will be shown their todo list. Let's start.
```

        <p class="py-2">Already have an account? <a href="/login" class="text-green-600">Sign-in</a></p>
      </div>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
```

Now, in the browser, if we would click the **Signup** link, ohh it shows an error `Cannot GET /signup`. This error is coming, because we haven't defined the route for signup page yet. Let's define that, in our `index.js` file.
```js
app.get("/signup", (request, response) => {
  response.render("signup");
});
```
Here, in response, we are asking our app to render a **ejs** template named `signup`. So, in the `views` folder, we will create this `signup.ejs` file. And inside this file, we will design our signup form using HTML.
```html
<html>
  <head>
    <title>TO-DO Manager</title>
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <script src="https://cdn.tailwindcss.com"></script>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="grid grid-cols-6">
      <div class="col-start-3 col-span-2 py-10">
        <h1 class="text-xl text-slate-600 font-semibold mb-4">To-Do Manager</h1>
        <h6 class="py-4">Signup as a new user</h6>

>         <form action="/users" method="post">

Author: @mjzac Fixed this issue, closing this PR.
